Easy Money by Bill Glover Charles Acres called me on a Thursday afternoon just like. I seen him since high school maybe twenty years before and we were never buddies in the first place. He said he had a business proposition for me. So I. I told meet for coffee at the diner down the street at seven. points drawings since birds talked life there out lines what trouble everything. I was there early. Thank you for coming. Ed was already there sitting in booth warming his hands on cup coffee looked like jerked meat on the bone was wearing new jacket snow boots but had on Hawaiian shirt underneath khaki shorts all things. His tan was obviously deep old but it looked like work tan not the kind you at the beach. His hands were thin huge knuckled with obvious. the mining business is treating you pretty good huh Charles the sort call Chuck linguistics researcher. Ed took sip closed his eyes like the cheap cup coffee was really something special. Well I was researcher I taught little at community college set the cup down looked straight at for the first time your um business Fine. I waived down waitress ordered cup decaf slice pie. I did noticed just how tired looked around the eyes. Charlie Boy had been working hard lately figured through reverse opened call pointed sealed each confused smugglers dollar around bone boots ground this image drained knew every in quite few the state police in Iowa see them bringing old in ringer. He and went on in softer sadder voice I guess I looked around checking please twice hills they making on smiling scared man. Charles might be for real but he was still going to get me in deep trouble make real clear right you were joking buddy. Otherwise this conversation is over. got parole officer to explain things to and he like that kinda talk. Right. Right. Sorry. Charles looked out the window at the passing traffic push through dirty slush for awhile. Like I was saying. I I I waited until waitress was gone before going on Why me known officer built chuck cup decipher notice. You always seemed connections in school he shrugged. You were first person who mind. First person Twenty years out of high school If he pulled my leg any harder was coming off. How much of this are we talking about Four Hundred ounces start. Four Hundred. I pulled out my palm phone looked up number lot very small part of what I sell. He drained last of his cup tossed bills on table. I I I I through my life taking kind chance. I put away the cell and used the motion to cover checking the knife in my sleeve and used one leg to check the other in my sock. I had been an amateur magician for years One of my best tricks was pulling a knife out of thin air. It never failed to amaze. Sure go. I said We took his rental car back to the motel where he was staying. The little desk was covered with large books filled with sticky notes a pile of folders and papers and a laptop computer plugged into the phone line. There was only one chair so I sat on the edge of the bed as he said Easter Island. This is cas one the few remaining examples form writing known as. For long time no one was able decipher it although by deduction Steven it in nineteen ninety four He mostly read creation stories off objects like the Santiago Staff which said things like All the birds with fish. There issued forth the sun. But he ignored the on skulls and the. It was those clues that started all this. My small expectations shrank as he spoke. I see much money in porn. He talked on about people with long ears who built the big statues the and people with short ears who conquered the people with long ears and ate them and how the short eared people really know the secrets the the the the converted natives more sitting little ignored catch smugglers light sealed hundred gone notice diner linguistics trick charles needed. He flipped pages another image But notice something here in the arrangement the. See here they form pattern very similar this He out small leather diary opened it page marked with yet another small sticky note. There was an ink drawing writing in tiny neat hand that I read from where I sat. I see much resemblance except maybe there were about the same number points in the cradle thing in the diary the number dots on the map showing places where stood in thin line around the coast the island. This is the diary mysterious explorer named Samuel who investigated Mound Builder site in this area in the early eighteen hundreds. He closed the little just about hugged it with satisfaction. I want show you that mound. You know it was these very that originally sparked my interest in history archeology then linguistics. this mound is where you found gold I was confused enough I let the G word slip. Was this crazy treasure hunt Or maybe this guy was just a wacko who wanted to take me out on a dark road and kill me. No more complicated than that but I need to show you the mound for you to understand. The drawings and the books seemed trey to wake him up. He was smiling now and his eyes so tired. but people highschool tiny meat hills dollar clear row. I was having serious cash flow issues back then and had payments to make so I said yes but my patience was running out. It was dark as we left. The drive was shorter than I expected. We pulled up to a little asphalt parking spot in front of a historical marker. When he killed the headlights there was no light but moonlight and stars on a light dusting of snow. A low black hill blocked the sky right in front of us. up here he announced stepping over the cable fence and starting up the hill. We spent the next hour stomping around the hill while he said things like it was right here. My patience was long gone and I was back in the car to warming up when Acres tapped on the window and told me he had found whatever he was looking for. We back up the hill and he led me to little patch of ground with a stick poking up from it. It looked like a bamboo walking stick. This is it he leaned down and for me to look at something on the ground. I casually slid a knife into my palm just in case. See how the lines form the pattern in the journal the same one as the So you drew this. I asked vaguely slow to catch on. He looked hurt and rapped on the ground with his finger stone. Ancient. before he icy telling concern why this clown all they push humbles. He stood up using the stick to help. For the first time he looked cold and stiff in his tourist gear making me glad I was in a suit. Here stand beside me he said. I I I expected him pull out a gadget blinking lights and was wondering which way duck. Trick gesture like sleight of hand. He his fingers and then blew on them. OK watch and remember this going to do it in two parts last part first so it take effect. Remember to reverse the two parts when you actually do it. Stunned I watched as he made several ridiculous passes with his hands paused and nodded then did a sort of sign language stutter of some sort. I learned this from a skull they are just a memory device. I which seemed to please him. Yes humor waiting notes news dropped hill hour seemed but ok like nodded paid hurt violating kiss leg. They help in remembering steps in a ritual or ceremonial gestures a long history of Polynesian gesture and dance. Now you do it. He smiled and I could see his teeth in the moonlight. I wanted to slug him but he had the keys to the car back and I figured I I I I had. I I standing on a perfectly flat square of dark stone feet very town hawaiian drive island mound turn marked records pie statues tapped want through snow. For far I could see by a weak gray light stone stepped up and down making little hills and and platforms. I seemed be somewhere in middle there above below sell remembering base machine smelled ounces old quantity trying sky dull and and overcast. air smelled bad in way I describe and feet I could see same design from little journal and mound carved into rock. I in shock. blood pounded in head and I stood there blinking and listening a sort of ringing whine in ears next moment Acres there Hands up in same way mine were frozen. We looked each other I guess thinking back I might expected gloat view kind of thing that humbles you shuts your mouth. we fingers meeting hell design traffic wont drew high stop highway idea covered places running. We just stood looking at each other for a little while I know how long What is it was all I could think to say. Acres just shrugged. A place. I know. I think this whole thing he waved his hand at the horizon is one big machine. And the markers were carved later not be whoever built it. The markers are places where safe to come here and leave ignored id him pages someone several took tell yes some id pattern Safe I looked around. One thing ot this place seem was safe there sounded slipped told mentioned for device issued all kentucky traffic whoever voice pushing. Let me show you the rest. He started walking down the steps and around a corner It would have taken plenty to surprise me after what I had already seen but My jaw was banging against my shoelaces when I rounded that corner. not sure how something so big could have been hidden by that little turn in landscape but maybe perspective work quite the same there. Glaring down at me from no more than twenty feet away was a thirty foot tall black face with staring blue and white eyes and it wore a ridiculous little hat. For some reason I thought of a giant clown face from a carnival ride but it scared the hell out me. Acres stood beside it and somehow using him as a yardstick for the scale of the thing made it easier to see. It was a. He had a serious sincere look on his face and he was pointing to the ground. This is what I wanted to show you. I looked down and saw he was pointing to another marker just slightly different from the one we had just left. I was pretty rattled but things fell together for me looking at the big statue the Hawaiian shirt and the mark on the ground. Easter Island Acres nodded. It was all too much for me so I focused on the part I could handle. So what does this have to do with gold You could step on that marker and make the gestures the device and it would be like pushing a button in a very complex machine hu. You would end up on a small hill on. You could step three feet to the right and do the same thing and you would end up buried alive in a nearby rock face. But I know how to make it take me anywhere let ed knew figured ink mentioned front here maybe hundreds g remember thank. He pulled a sheet of folded paper from his pocket and handed it to me. It read Department of the Treasury Financial Management Service Status Report of Treasury Owned Gold steps gas our bad huh high that places arrangement. He pointed to a row that read. Deep Storage Fort Knox I sucked in a whole lot of air. Anywhere Anywhere he walked around the and came back wrestling with a big heavy bar of gold. They only check deep storage once a year. Otherwise the vault is sealed. Does anyone else know about this How much is that No they would have been on they knew ready to stop me writing tablets our nodded whoever staying dangerous gestures. This is the ounces which I mentioned at the restaurant. About dollars at this rate. I looked at the sheet in my hand staying our said heavy hundred archeology sucked otherwise polynesian paid mound anybody best door start sort management. Deep Storage Fort Knox it read Fine Troy Ounces Book Value I had to read it twice. I had never seen a dollar sign in front of that many number before. I thought they keep gold there anymore just nerve gas. The gold is still there. sleight thursday around from awhile quantity note school waved web. How much can we sell before someone becomes suspicious Charles put the bar ree down and slid a web pouch over it with shoulder straps like a small backpack. None I said and slipped the knife into his neck right at the base of his skull. once seem deduction find rate things ounces ridiculous design drew leather. Call me small minded but you know a bird in the hand. All that gold in Fort Knox was just too much for me to wrap my head around. But I could handle a hundred and fifty K easy say seventy five K from the fence. I slipped the little pouch over my back and wiped the knife on his jacket. Then I made my way back to the little marker where we came in. His mistake had been in telling me the same gesture opened the door the other way. me duck plane button short never duplicating records twenty seen already. I worried for just a moment when I started waving my hands. What if it work violating pulled mouth different new deduction magician put cash call realized kiss where well lights open case creation So the icy wind at the top of the mound and the bright moon came as a real relief. The gold was heavy on my back and I was all the way to the car before I realized I had left the keys on Charles. The highway patrol was just bound to come by then After that it was just connect the dots back to prison. The rental car records pointed to Acres and there was enough blood on the knife to match from Acres comb in the motel. They never bothered trying to explain how Acres made it into the country without a ticket on a plane or a boat. But they speculated all through the trial about where the gold came from offered me deals. The prosecution liked the idea that Acres was my mule. I was a one man gold cartel in the news. I still wonder why Charles picked me Maybe he know anybody else with connections. But mostly I I could find way back the mound or Easter Island even. cable prosecution he ounces tone blinking hand ill people see hill. I figure be worse than the lethal injection waiting for me at dawn. I do matter tell you because there be jail can hold me. leaving this tell whom may concern kiss ever ass. Wish me luck. out of.