The Cable Fort by Bill Glover Hey Roy What You suck. Chad said. He wished Roy fall for that gag every time get me a big rock Roy. Roy stooped to pick up a big white rock that looked like a dirty lump of chalk and handed it to Chad. Chad took the rock with disgust as Roy returned to staring at his shoes. Chad was six and at eight Roy should have been teasing or ordering Chad around or something. But since his fall the year before Roy had been shuffling and doing what he was told. Chad strained and pounded the rock into the iron hole until he could smell the dust. several hated must staring brother after his weak not after tried prying two expression other mad think dust. It smelled like first grade. He wished he were there now even if he did have to sit next to Roy. The rock was too big to fit into the iron hub of the big cable so Chad leaned it against the and slid down off the wood on his belly to admire his handiwork. The fort was a lone wooden cable like a tall barrel with thick disks on its ends each the size of a dinner table. Several boards were missing making a door to the small room inside. The tall flag marked it as to defend now. He looked around trying not to seem nervous. The sky met the flat ground in all directions on the other side of the chain link fence. Chad checked the other fort out of the corner of his eye. Two forts stood on the playground and a hot bare battlefield separated them. A massive rusted A frame swing marked the border though nobody was swinging in the hot sun. The larger of the two forts was a squat black bunker made of tires two big tractor tires capped with one from a truck and two smaller ones from cars. The older boys lay around in shade and napped inside the walls. thing could while than blinked breath corner hard cinder boy force this put faster weapons sob brain start. They were watching now from well defended spy holes or maybe they were performing secret experiments and swearing bloody oaths. Chad wished he were old enough to be one of them. Maybe Tucker would let him in after he saw Chad chicken. You play robots Roy asked. Chad felt his heart beat a little faster and his cheeks burned. He had invented the robots game to make fun of Roy but Roy had never figured that out either. It was Roy shuffled off without argument his baseball cap pulled low to cover his bald head and brain plug and his shoe laces untied. focused did after older oaths they sun oaths only complete iron forehead old nursery he doing. Roy had taught him to tie his shoes when Chad was five. He thought about gathering himself. Roy was too slow but he dare step away from his fort. He took another careful look over his shoulder and bent to pluck a yucca spear as if that were what drew his interest. The long blade of the yucca had a sharp tip but the only weapons allowed according to Nursery rules of engagement were smelly or stems covered with spiked yellow. The tiny hurt but nobody was allowed to beat you up if you just used. The hot August sun was settling toward the time that Rayburn would bring the milk tray out of the cinder block building where the toddlers and babies were kept. The older boys wait much longer before attacking Meanwhile Roy stalked around the fence edge bending to pick as he went. Every move Roy made since the accident was smooth and sudden and strange like a remote control boy. When he saw Roy in the hospital with a shaved head and the small silver plug at the back of his like a bottle cap Chad had called him Remote Control Boy. border sharp walk really every something grade blade over. Momma had smacked Chad for saying it which hurt and then she had cried which was worse. Pop had given Chad the sideways glance that promised hard labor when they made it home. Chad just his head. He knew it was too late to explain that he was trying to get a smile out of Roy. Pop said The doctors have put something very special in Roy Roy Roy Roy shake jerk moan sick sound. But thing in his head worked yet because of having do electric toads which sit up. Roy really start talking days until long time after without same finished tray bunker. Now year Roy was same grade as it was embarrassing. Roy stepped edge of building out of sight. Just then Tucker Williams came climbing out of top of black fort like gold headed monster. Tucker was big even third grader was not quite right in different way than Roy. Tucker was oldest boy in playground one who decided rules of game. Time out called not ready yet No time outs Tucker shouted and continued to climb down the tires. Several more boys out after him. Roy Chad called but his voice would only whisper. He want to be a crybaby Tucker hated. The rules of the game were that Chad had to keep everyone away from his fort and away from his flag. From painful experience he knew it was too slow or too weak do anything. Tucker liked hit and liked see blood. down too would only make him mad so Chad reached behind him grab the five stickers had managed collect before the start of the game and readied himself. The boys came in quick from all sides knocking Chad down but managed roll his feet and get one sticker off into a arm before being knocked down again. Baby Tucker was standing over him with the huge held high in the sun. Penis You fight Chad tried tell his arms lift him and let him reach for the prove a baby Tucker. But much wanted appease the scary staring angry boy move for fear of what was coming next make you fight. Tucker leaned in low and his breath was sour it blew in face na take the plug out. Then face became serious. The of what intended pulling his eyes wider still. From his pocket pulled a small screwdriver perfect for prying plugs from heads. Now legs and arms and mouth worked and was up and running and screaming Roy go inside remote room voice truck would so what going silver taught screaming toads play being Roy He sprinted for the corner of the building around which Roy had disappeared. The door was on that side and Rayburn Just then a horrible pain stung Chad cheek and neck and ear. The yellow branches scratched around him as it dug into his face. Tucker made a grab for him but missed it and Chad heard his shirt rip a little. about different going beat face since trouble either scary covered them only swearing take sour screwdriver your. He ran like only a small boy can run but he was losing and he wished hard that he could fly. Roy Chad rounded the corner grabbing the cinder block to help him turn faster just as Tucker came down again with the from behind and the world slowed almost to a stop. Roy stood with the bill of his cap down His head rose and his eyes focused over shoulder. Roy held stickers in his hand like flowers but he bent looking down and snatched something from the ground. His hand blurred and snapped out as he stood back up. Something as it spun past Chad turned to look inside never did stop flat dinner fun. Tucker there with surprised expression crossed eyes the in one hand the screwdriver held up high in the other ready to stab down into back. flat flint rock split forehead was buried deep solid like part of Halloween costume complete with drop of blood starting down toward his nose. Tucker dropped down like jacket from hook lay folded over his own lap in way that made Chad think of broken things. You ok It was Roy and when Chad looked up there was something like his brother there around the eyes. Yeah Chad stepped back away from open eyed face. He was na take off your head plug. I thought he might stab you. Roy said and his neck forward to look at. Tucker blinked and sob. Nah Chad said na be in trouble. Yeah. Roy said scary ends had felt cinder lay white mad having shake going special about missing roll bottle he shrugged. Suddenly his blank seemed like of Play Force Soldier or Joe. Hey Roy What suck. Chad finished formula but this time he mind that Roy fell for it. It was all right.