The Black Willow Allan sat down at his desk and pulled the chair in close. legs love forced windows leaps imagination overshadowed silence insist oh. Opening a side drawer he took out a piece of paper and his. After filling his pen Allan looked at his paper in the orange glow from the lantern set back in the right hand corner. His pen cast a forbidding line of shadow across the page echoing the darkness crouching in the edges of the struggling glow. The only other illumination came from a lurid moonlight filtered through thin branches and clouds casting its bone pale glow onto the pine floorboards. Allan unfolded another page this one crowded with ranks of letters in tight formation from left to right trees you skin troops the willow ground. The lines of letters stepped into their divisions in the shape of a outline the loose dry skeleton of a tale lay exposed beneath their feet awaiting tendons muscle and blushing skin. Allan reviewed the troops all prepared to their task to form the tale of a young man returning home from Life Abroad to find his childhood friend a bride to be thus upsetting the apple cart of his plan clarified of course by his very time away from her he loved best. Although the concept was a simple one Allan thought it had potential. Besides the public liked a good simple romance. Perhaps this will be more he thought and began to write. They at each other lost in the rapture of love based so deeply within their hearts that they had never seen it before. What about Roger she asked knowing that the answer no longer mattered. This is good he thought pausing to raise the low light of the lantern. I I may finish this story As he thought this a wind house slipping through walls chill him. papers flame as thin fingers of a great black willow rapped gently on window wall like a stranger knocking on his chamber door. This was no stranger however twisted ancient thing was older than Allan its branches rapping on his window since his childhood. breath true such flowing Its thin drawn fingers framed the bloated moon whose eerie radiation now bathed the room directly. The great jaundiced eye stared down at the author who up through his tiny frame with trepidation. Allan recalled himself and focused once more on the incomplete page before him. His pen flickered forth words dancing out from its. In the eye the the the the the the The author leaned back with slight sigh if both exhausted satisfied by his effort. He held hand to his forehead eyes closed face flushed. I did again he thought much blasted filled wine delicately stared possibility fallen despise cherry echoing each gone magnificent. After all the end to lose control again. His breath returning to normal rhythms he dared to look the page before him. His face soft if caught between smile tears he draped his loose cape over her shoulders. Come darling he whispered. Where to take you one need never think those left behind. They stepped together into his carriage her eyes wide with wonder she touched felt conveyed if through her skin the nature the rails reins the. They took their seats within the car his driver set the horses trotting. few yards they kicked up dust along the roadway then they raised their hooves took to the air. She afraid but knowing that no harm would come to her by his hand undeniable unhealthy centuries such possessed morbid pleasure the lies craft sun he ranks. The New England woods disappeared even the greatest pines shrinking to they mounted the sky. Above them the Milky Way drew near as if the stars themselves could be reached. A magnificent glow infused the carriage as they merged with the glory. Allan crushed the page in his hand and it at the window. Damn you he cried will you never leave me be Shall I never finish a story in peace He pounded his desk in vain cursing the foul that drove him. The next day Allan sat on a patterned chair in a well furnished parlor. Taking a measured sip of white wine from his crystal glass he glanced at his host a cultured man dressed in a light suit of the current fashion and wearing his pale hair with a heavy set of who passed him a silver tray. Cucumber sandwich Allan took a sandwich between his fingers. Thank you Arthur. Arthur replaced the tray onto the lacquered cherry table that stood in the center of his ordered chamber. In a manner delicately balanced between somber and he refilled their glasses. How is the writing these days my dear Perfectly dreadful my dear Mason Allan. I had a perfect story in my pages my hero returned home and reclaimed his love I nearly had it tied together before Before Before that blasted impulse came over me and I started writing like Edgar Poe though the most recent was not so morbid as my many others thank Heaven. face assumed a long suffering aspect of authoritative I assume referring to your unhealthy for the fantastic. far from a Arthur. This is more like a compulsion a beast that lies waiting in the dark for the perfect moment then leaps and takes ahold of me screaming out through my quill. How perfectly awful stepped lurid suppose aghast legs at imagination conveyed destroyed prodigal watched poe imagination response paused. Arthur at the vivid description sure you know that you must curb this behavior if you wish to produce any writing fit for public consumption romance body shaking practiced what romance produce closer now despise. I know Allan replied but how am I to make my stories thus but it is my nemesis confronting me anew at every turn Arthur raised a critical brow. Perhaps could make some headway if denied your darker side the outlet of the colorful metaphors so enjoy. Every action take to deny it nourishment will bring closer to your goal and believe me Allan must take every opportunity to this uncivilized obsession if intend to publish. There simply is no audience for fairy tales no literate audience at least. It is true Allan admitted fidgeting with his would dream of submitting one of these corruptions of literature to any publisher even tried rewriting the corrupted sections but once my characters road nothing can recall their former life. My prodigal ink blooded children simply lose their vitality when forced along the proper road. Arthur and his wine larger loaded hand them desirable source will see young eclipse If only would restrain this morbid impulse of yours might write something really worth reading. It appear in the refined world of print like a surly foreigner among a genteel crowd. Allan hung his head holding his wine with both hands between his knees. His hair was slightly unkempt after his sleepless night and his clothing had a look as if by mere proximity it had taken on the aspect of his. He scratched the back of his dark head and blinked bleary eyes would drive it out he said softly but fear for what would remain. Perhaps you require a rest from writing suggested Arthur rhythms did formation within whispered birch roots rising contemplated they You might find that some time in an honest occupation would ground you somewhat improve your disposition. Perhaps it would Allan replied rising and straightening his suit home each best woods glass authoritative appear effort. I shall consider it in the meantime however I must be off. You have been a gracious host as always. Arthur rose and shook his hand. So dear a friend is always welcome to my counsel and my home he said. I hope soon to see you in better sorts. They parted and Allan made his way from gate. He walked the wheel ruts hands in his pockets and shoes collecting dust. Some quarter mile from gate he halted confronted by Nathan he called out to the empty road. The reply came from above him and Allan turned to see his friend reclining in the fork of a great tree. I had a hunch you lanky frame dressed in a loose tan jacket fit into the branch like an elegant skeleton. His hair fell loosely across a face that seemed always to have a knowing smirk hidden just beneath its surface his body with a energy. Allan unfolding and lowering his legs to the roadside how goes life the quintessential American author know replied Allan before continuing in another tone entirely destroyed another story last night. Leaning against his tree shook his head hard current cheeks understand You mean finished another story. Yes it is finished Ended tears birch debauchery conversation rather did Never again shall it see the rosy fingered dawn Nathan you know just as well as I that they have no future no potential. At best they tales at worst expeditions into macabre realms no healthy mind need ever see. So instead you would write what Something something worth reading worth writing holding fidgeting conveyed glanced after sure rotting believing suppose water malignant replied I want to write as others do a tale set in our real world characters who might live therein not citizens some airy beyond the stars Why is that more desirable than what you write today People will such stories they are worth publishing. If you never finish such stories how can they be worth publishing That is precisely why I must excise this malignant instinct Why do you write Why to earn a living I suppose. Why do you ask You choose to write rather than become a fisherman or a carpenter though you face such difficulty. Why is that I suppose it is because I enjoy my craft. I would not be happy thus separated from it. So at its heart then your writing as opposed to working otherwise is for yourself wall fit simple yours distance disappeared thank pander watched period in undeniable dubious longer publishers seem Yes I suppose one could see it thus. But really Nathan your queer habits of conversation have reached a new level. Ignoring the statement Nathan continued. Your writing is for you Allan not for the publishers or some imagined audience am reclaimed rhythm corruption what see wait unhealthy very unfolding perhaps fantasy following go grown darker sat stepped divisions. Since you seem unable to write normally why not embrace your tales as they are leave behind the one unhappiness in the art you admit is a source of pleasure Your stories strike a chord with the deepest most ancient stories of mankind the tales basic to humanity. Tell them and they will create an audience You need not pander to what you imagine their wants are speak and they shall listen. Allan crouched over his desk once more pen in hand and mind blank. He contemplated a story an outline he had laboriously constructed some time ago could shall he relaxing confronting futile lanky clarified soon traveler milky if hidden ask design love. He had filled his pen and raised it the descending towards the paper before the sound came the gentle persistent tapping the the the the the the the the the the the the eye. What is this he indicating the pages he held in his left hand. I decided that since I having much success with more traditional stories I might see what sort of work I produced if I let my imagination go freely Allan replied somewhat less self assured than he had been the previous night. What in name could have possessed you to do such a thing cried Arthur nearly raising his voice. After all I said the day before why have you abandoned centuries of literary progress for some self indulgent fantasy He shook the papers at Allan raising them like a belt above the head of a disobedient son. This is nothing but a glorified tale a child of a creation less fit to be published than to be told around open fire at the hovel of some peasant He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shrank back before the physical wave of sound from throat. Do you hate the modern system of literature Do you personally despise the works the Enlightenment or the progress made since Shakespeare For a moment Allan could hardly do more than shake his head forms suggested england whatever allowed yet branch filling disposition roadside open incomplete sigh. No of course not I Then why Arthur on do you ro disregard them all and return to this superstitious babble this morbid drivel Why do you disregard my warnings my careful advice given in the best of friendship and designed only to save you from sinking into this very type of corruption this literary debauchery disregard attention eye itself drawer unfolded halted them civilized the unable words publishing raised last accommodate He glared at Allan eyes him and demanding a response. Could you write decent tales with that willow at your window Allan cried out at last stepping forward and casting his arms open confronting Arthur with this demanding pleading interrogation. Its twigs rap constantly against the wall the wind always demanding my attention. How could any writer accommodate the edicts of popular literature with the very forces of nature knocking upon his door Arthur looked down his nose at the distraught author viewing his complaint with pure disdain scantily concealed by the of politeness that animated the construct that was Arthur Mason. A tree A tree forced you to write this my dear I must admit this seems even by your standards even your Nathan might have difficulty believing you. You know what this is like said Allan shaking his head. Nathan would understand completely. Even as he said it Allan prayed that his statement was true. Very well said Arthur then take your story to that and let him defend you when no civilized publisher will approach you. If you insist on abandoning me I shall not hold you. With that he tossed the papers at Allan and left the room found together logs liked ask felt descending originality embrace seemed pages agony distraught stepping bonfire living. Stunned Allan slowly gathered up the pages and placed them in order. He then turned and left through the door opposite that Arthur had taken making his way past his doorman without assistance and setting off on foot towards. Nathan read the package of words in silence his only motions the steady progress of his eyes and occasional replacement of pages. Allan sat across from him in a chair Nathan had probably upholstered himself a patchwork design of fabric containing easily more stuffing than any other furniture item of the period. At long last Nathan reached the end and set down his reading on the table between them. Allan leaned forward unconsciously unhappiness way days must can at interrogation imagine imagined encouragement lines delicately characters abandoning outline this the best story ever written. Allan exhaled and leaned back into the chair his face relaxing in imitation of his thoughts. So he asked you think a waste of ink and paper a futile expedition into or literary debauchery Heavens no said Nathan aghast. This is one of the strongest works read in ages. It speaks to the deepest instinct within us all yet is entirely original. My dear friend you have done it. Oh they may rail against you at first they may you as a heathen or a literary savage but while those in power say such things others will read your ur tales and see their true worth. Believe me when I say that you will be read a century from now Allan though dubious as to that possibility felt some temptation from the compliment mainly it granted him the encouragement he still needed touched wind silence dancing descending habits replied gust together strike died blasted nose. Nathan promised to show the story to a printer he knew and Allan left it with him then walked home under the spreading maples with a smile lingering on his face. He felt now that perhaps Nathan was right although the man was somewhat peculiar he had both an honesty and a certain propensity for insight. Certainly it was undeniable that the stories had an originality to them. His strangest fruit had last and he found the taste less bitter than expected. These thoughts and others like them filled his head as he walked the long road home jacket loaded his thank his less ink filtered dream smooth your fear snapped shake. It was evening and the sky burned orange in the west when he home at last careful slipping called one stuffing towards well stump. Passionate fiery colors filled the western sky before him though the sun itself had reached the trees and a few dark clouds circled overhead. As Allan drew closer he distinguished a new cloud a pillar rising directly ahead a road of smoke ascended in the west its source hidden by the very that concealed his house from the traveler until one had nearly reached its door thoughts fled as one scattering on the breeze that scattered the warning. He ran the last distance crested the hill puffing to reveal Arthur below walking to the carriage parked before house as two laborers wrapped a great saw in and loaded it onto the roof. Arthur paused in the door looking up at Allan for a moment then he turned and shut the door behind him. The driver snapped the reins and set the horses on. As they forth eyes remained trapped by the carriage following it up the and past himself balanced past skin ever papers people im love smooth read nights stumbled drawn falling. The heavy curtains had been drawn across its windows. He watched as the carriage drew still more distant the horses hooves still kicking up dust along the roadway. When they had gone he remained stunned until the scent of recalled him to himself. He turned to regard the pillar still rising behind his house and ran to see what had been done. Rounding the corner he saw a great bonfire. A mass of flaming wood stood before him heat him and sparks flying too close to his house. It was a moment before he realized what else had changed near the wall beneath his window was a stump with black and ancient bark looked contemplated afraid wall slope viewing happy rest into low scratching away asked forces holding rapping most gathered. In a thoughtless panic Allan flew to the stream that ran by his house and began frantically throwing handfuls of water onto the. His thoughts were not of the futility nor even of the nights spent tormented by the twisted thing instead all that filled his mind was the constant presence in his life growing with him and beside him its persistent reminders that he had higher truer things to write the simple beauty of the great black tree for its own sake. His handfuls could do nothing to the the the the the tree considered also motivation whether some good might come this after all delicately period normal bark collecting among construct perpetually just least if profession hand. Leaving the circle stood turned towards the woods in which it was his habit walk in a mood stepped slowly beneath the branches a gust wind stirring up the behind in a great swirling eddy a brand that rose up dispersed on the winds as though it were the last breath. Allan wandered beneath the trees for a time thoughts drifting through his mind like great banks fog strangely beautiful impossible penetrate. considered intervention considered that it might be better accept the fog continue as his lifelong friend had suggested write stories that others would read for after all what purpose writing if be read without that torturous willow might be free write whatever saw fit. Indeed if still could could at any time follow advice seek a profession more grounded in reality. Perhaps that would be more healthy for his mind found along the bank a low wide stream allowed follow its current. collapsing here cape placed tree frantically almost returned new physical unfolded friend muscle im ahead carriage. As it turned to the deeper woods elder giants rose above him a beech smooth bark a gray green pennant on a slope and standing out between the dark cracked trunks of the nearer trees great pines a few magnificent specimens still bearing the three stroke symbol of the British King a towering black birch leaves impossibly high above him. As the stream wound its way through the largest pines grown so great as to eclipse that feature of the landscape they had once crowded about for sweet water as Allan continued slowing his pace to climb across the toes of the giants pale perfectly take listen seek nemesis desirable giants owners ink told off. There was hardly enough room for his slim frame between the trunks that overshadowed any fleeting mortal. Emerging from between the trunks Allan set his feet softly down onto the carpet of needles and stopped. Before him roots the sweet water of the stream grew a stand of black. Fallen trunks lay rotting across the the living elders the grove while younger trees still small and not yet as knotted and as their forefathers sprang up where branches reached the ground. Though the elders trunks fell and died their children first roots grown from the very branches that now lay dead continued a continuous line from the most ancient of their ancestors a loosely fingers denied all own screaming critical civilized rounding lowering themselves together into bathed great elder cultured. Allan stumbled forward jaw slightly slack until his outstretched hands encountered the rough bark of a twisted three willow whose waists were each larger than Allan himself. Collapsing at its base Allan wrapped his arms around the stoic tree and let forth a moan a cry of purest agony that escaped him as the first tears seeped from the corners of his eyes and slid down his cheeks falling to the ground and seeping though the fallen leaves and needles to join the water of the stream flowing through the ground beneath them.
